[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
openVegeta realized
he had only one hope
for stopping
the terror of Majin Buu,
but the cost would be high.
Take care, Trunks. All right?
No, what'd you do to him?
He was just trying to help!
[coughs]
[NARRATOR]
Knowing how they would react,
Vegeta knocked out
Goten and Trunks,
then prepared to make his stand.
Keep them safe, Piccolo.
That's it? You plan to die?
[NARRATOR] After chasing selfish
glory for most of his life,
the Saiyan prince has chosen
to give up everything
to defeat Majin Buu.
[chuckles]
The key to defeating you
is to obliterate you
so completely your regeneration
won't be possible.
[gasps]
[VEGETA] Goodbye to you all.
Bulma. Trunks.
And yes, even you, Kakarot.
[bellows]
[NARRATOR]
See the aftermath of Vegeta's
ultimate sacrifice, now.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[bellows]
[screams]
No. Vegeta.
We've lost him!
No. No! We can't!
[KRILLIN]
Are you crazy?
It's too late now.
That's his life burning out.
You can sense that
way better than me.
You knew this
was coming. You told me!
For the first time in his life,
Vegeta fought for somebody else.
That was his sacrifice
and his choice to make!
[CHICHI]
Are you sure, Videl?
You know Gohan and
Goten both headed off
toward that horrible wizard?
And you're positive they
didn't have some other plan,
or some place
they could've gone to?
I am.
Maybe you couldn't stop Gohan,
but why wouldn't you keep Goten
and Trunks from following him?
You should've stopped them!
This is your fault!
[VIDEL]
I'm sorry.
I never thought
the boys would go,
and then it was just too late.
Don't worry. Those kids
aren't the listening type.
Even if you had
stopped them at first,
they would have snuck away
the first chance they got.
[CHICHI]
Ugh.
[YAMCHA] Besides, they're the
world's strongest fighters.
It's all good!
Right.
More importantly, are you sure
we're going the right direction?
Yeah. Straight ahead.
There's still a ways to go.
All right, then let's
speed this baby up.
[BULMA] Why, Vegeta? Why would
you do something like this?
[BULMA] How could you
kill all of those people?
Hey, it's okay.
Or at least it will be soon.
That's what the Dragon Balls
are there for, right?
We'll bring all those
spectators back to life.
It'll be like it never happened!
You honestly think that's the
only thing I'm worried about?
Marron!
Stop crying, you're fine.
Do you know how to fly
this thing or don't you?
I'm sorry, it's my bad.
That look on Vegeta's
face at the tournament;
I never thought
I'd see that again.
He appeared to be consumed
with evil and hatred,
like when he first came to our
planet all those years ago.
Yeah. He sure seemed odd, huh?
[BULMA] Could he really go back
to who he was before?
Has it been his nature
this whole time?
What the--?
[CHICHI, VIDEL gasp]
[MARRON cries]
[BULMA, ROSHI exclaim]
Hey! There's a child
onboard, you fool!
It's not my fault this time!
[YAMCHA]
What is this?
I've never seen
this type of turbulence!
Well clearly
something happened.
[ROSHI] There was some sort of
massive explosion far from here.
[gasps]
[BULMA]
Something's wrong.
Why is my heart suddenly
beating so fast?
Could it be... Vegeta?
[YAMCHA]
Ah! Damn! It's no use!
I think those shockwaves
damaged the engines.
I've lost control!
[ALL gasp, yell]
[CHICHI] Yamcha,
do something, please!
[YAMCHA]
I'm trying!
It won't respond!
[A18]
Here. Take her.
[VIDEL]
What are you doing?
She leveled us off.
[A18 grunts]
[ALL exhale]
[BULMA]
Vegeta.
Every trace of
Vegeta's energy is gone now.
Krillin. I need you to
take these boys home
and make sure they're safe.
I have to go see what happened.
I'm coming with you.
No, you're right.
Seeing it won't do me any good.
[KRILLIN]
Just be careful, all right?
[PICCOLO] Krillin. It would be
wrong to hold back the truth.
Tell their family
for me when you see them.
Wait, which family?
Tell 'em what?
I'm not sure about Goku.
In his state it's hard to tell.
But it seems that Gohan was
murdered by Majin Buu.
Murdered? What?
No, that can't be!
I heard Vegeta say it.
And I can't sense
his energy anymore.
Tell them for me.
[KRILLIN]
Hey! Hold on!
No. Not Gohan.
Not him, too.
How can I break that to them?
Yamcha.
Do you have any idea
what could have
caused that explosion?
[YAMCHA] Beats me.
But with shockwaves like that,
it had to be something crazy.
[PICCOLO grunts]
This is hard to believe.
Vegeta.
[PICCOLO] That must be why.
He realized Majin Buu could
absorb the damage
from any normal attack.
Vegeta needed
a blast so enormous
it would stop
Majin Buu's regeneration.
And the only way to
release that kind of energy
was to blow himself to pieces.
He sacrificed everything.
For the first time
in your life, Vegeta,
you fought for someone else.
And you didn't leave one
trace of yourself behind;
no ugly shell
to mar your legacy.
A fitting end for
the proud Saiyan prince.
[PICCOLO]
You saved us all, didn't you?
[distant groans]
Curse my luck!
Well look at this.
The talking cockroach
has survived.
You're a tenacious little
bastard, aren't you?
Looks like your
magic barrier saved you.
Buu! Where are you?
Your monster
can't help you now.
I'll put you out of your misery.
[gasps]
What is this?
[PICCOLO]
Majin Buu's remains.
[BUU groans]
What? No!
[PICCOLO]
Impossible!
[BUU]
Buu!
[PICCOLO gasps]
[groans]
[PICCOLO]
How? How is he still alive?
[BUU]
Mmm! Buu!
Buu-Buu-Buu-Buu!
[hollers]
[laughs]
-[BUU laughs]
-[BABIDI] Help me!
Funny! You bury legs in dirt?
[BABIDI] No! I didn't
bury my legs, you clown!
Does it look like
I'm playing games here?
If not bury,
then where you put legs?
[BABIDI] I don't have time
to spell this out for you!
Just help me, now!
[BUU] Buu think you in trouble!
Not looking good to Buu!
[BABIDI] Would you stop goofing
around and restore me!
This is serious!
Buu restore you!
[BABIDI] Listen to me,
you should be able to.
Please. I'm dying!
Buu can do! Buu can do!
Buu not say Buu cannot do!
What are you waiting for?
Do it now! That's an order!
[BUU] Maybe Buu will do,
maybe Buu will do.
[BABIDI] Do you want
to get sealed again?
Is that what you want?
[chuckles]
Do it now!
I command you to obey me!
[BUU]
Buu!
[BABIDI laughs]
Great work, Majin Buu!
Ha! Ha!
Those meddlesome
fighters have to pay
for what they did to me!
How dare they
lay their filthy hands
on the future
ruler of the universe!
That green one
and those two little brats
are going to regret
getting involved.
They'll wish they'd just
given up without a fight.
I could have you wipe out this
whole planet with one attack.
But that would be too swift.
I want them to suffer
the full terror
of the great Babidi
and Majin Buu.
The whole world is at risk.
We'll take them to Kami's
Lookout where it's safer.
Piccolo. What did
you see over there?
What happened to
Vegeta and Majin Buu?
[growls lowly]
Oh no.
That's not a good growl.
Majin Buu survived
the explosion.
No. But how? And Vegeta?
There wasn't
any trace of him left.
[KRILLIN]
What are you saying?
That Vegeta's death
was all for nothing?
Let's just get
these boys to the Lookout,
we don't have time to dwell.
These two are the only
beacons of hope
this world has left. And it's
a very slim hope at that.
Let the suffering begin.
Turn this world
into a living hell!
Until those fools
find the courage to show up,
I want you to blaze a path
of total destruction!
[SUPREME KAI groans]
Gohan. Please.
Please be alive.
[YAJIROBE]
Mmm.
[gasps]
Man, this is
turning out to be a mess.
Sure is! Do you
have any senzu beans?
We already gave some to Goku,
and those were our last three!
You guys are getting
greedier with age!
Yeah, and you're getting
even more rude.
You better step up
your game, Krillin!
I'll be watching and if you
screw things up, I'll know!
Sorry, I don't have
time to argue with
the most useless guy I know.
Come on, Piccolo.
[KORIN chuckles lightly]
[GOKU groans]
Damn you, Vegeta.
Taking the last senzu bean
all for yourself.
And knocking me out
just for the glory of
fighting Buu on your own.
How selfish can you be?
I can still sense
Majin Buu's energy,
but I don't feel
Vegeta's at all now.
I hope he didn't get himself
killed trying to prove himself.
And I'm not sensing
Gohan's energy either.
But I am picking up
Krillin and Piccolo at least,
and it feels like
they're back to normal now.
Maybe they can
tell me what's going on.
[laughs intensely]
[yells]
Don't do it!
[OFFICE WORKERS scream]
[BABIDI grunts]
[BUU chuckles]
Next time there's a building
would you please go around it?
[SUPREME KAI groans]
[breathes heavily]
Gohan. You have to be alive.
Without you, I don't know
how we can stop
the dark terror
Majin Buu will unleash.
[groans]
[breathes heavily]
[NARRATOR] Despite Vegeta's
ultimate sacrifice,
Majin Buu has survived.
Supreme Kai believes Gohan
is the universe's last hope,
but it's unclear
if he's even alive.
The desperate search
for salvation continues
next Dragon Ball Z Kai.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
And I've got to admit,
things aren't looking good.
Gohan and Vegeta are gone,
Supreme Kai can't be found,
and Majin Buu's
rampage continues.
[KRILLIN] What can we do?
We've never fought
anyone like this.
The guy's invincible!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
Please be careful, guys!
Don't do anything
stupid while I'm gone!